Update spring vault post to spring boot 2.7.4 (#1270)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2022-10-01-spring-vault.md

import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.GetMapping;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RestController;

@RestController
@SpringBootApplication
public class Application {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        SpringApplication.run(Application.class, args);
    }

    @GetMapping("/")
    String hello(@AuthenticationPrincipal OidcUser user) {
        return String.format("Welcome, %s", user.getFullName());
    }

}
```

Disable the cloud configuration for the first run. Edit `application.properties` and add the following value:

```properties
spring.cloud.config.enabled=false
```

### OpenID Connect authentication with Okta

In a command line session, go to the `vault-demo-app` root folder.

{% include setup/cli.md type="web" framework="Okta Spring Boot Starter" %}

Instead of storing Okta credentials in `application.properties`, Spring Boot allows you to bind properties from environment variables. You can see this in action by starting your application with the Maven command below:

```shell
OKTA_OAUTH2_ISSUER={yourIssuerURI} \
OKTA_OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID={yourClientId} \
OKTA_OAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET={yourClientSecret} \
./mvnw spring-boot:run

> ```

Reviewer: I don't know if this part is necessary. The Okta CLI already configured the app and we're adding a painful step here. You have copy/paste the values when you can just run it and everything will work.

Author: But we don't want to store secrets in the project code. The section is about showing how to pass secrets through env. Please let me know if I miunderstood your comment.

In an incognito window, go to `http://localhost:8080`. Here, you should see the Okta login page:

> {% img blog/spring-vault/okta-login.png alt:"Okta login form" width:"500" %}{: .center-image }

Reviewer: The colors are a bit darker now. Can you please update this screenshot?

Author: Updated.

In the application logs, you'll see the security filter chain initializes an OAuth 2.0 authentication flow:

```

> 2022-09-07 08:50:09.460  INFO 20676 --- [           main] o.s.s.web.DefaultSecurityFilterChain     : Will secure any request with [org.springframework.security.web.session.DisableEncodeUrlFilter@6b4a4e40, org.springframework.security.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter@46a8c2b4, org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter@640d604, org.springframework.security.web.header.HeaderWriterFilter@7b96de8d, org.springframework.security.web.csrf.CsrfFilter@2a0b901c, org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter@38ac8968, org.springframework.security.oauth2.client.web.OAuth2AuthorizationRequestRedirectFilter@7739aac4, org.springframework.security.oauth2.client.web.OAuth2AuthorizationRequestRedirectFilter@36c07c75, org.springframework.security.oauth2.client.web.OAuth2LoginAuthenticationFilter@353c6da1, org.springframework.security.web.authentication.ui.DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter@7e61e25c, org.springframework.security.web.authentication.ui.DefaultLogoutPageGeneratingFilter@4f664bee, org.springframework.security.oauth2.server.resource.web.BearerTokenAuthenticationFilter@21b51e59, org.springframework.security.web.savedrequest.RequestCacheAwareFilter@5438fa43, org.springframework.security.web.servletapi.SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter@512abf25, org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AnonymousAuthenticationFilter@76563ae7, org.springframework.security.oauth2.client.web.OAuth2AuthorizationCodeGrantFilter@3e14d390, org.springframework.security.web.session.SessionManagementFilter@4dc52559, org.springframework.security.web.access.ExceptionTranslationFilter@51ac12ac, org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor@2407a36c]

Reviewer: This is all on one line, so it's difficult to read in the post.

Author: I formatted the stack.

```

Using environment variables for passing secrets to containerized applications is now considered bad practice because the environment can be inspected or logged in a number of cases. So, let's move on to using Spring Cloud Config server for secrets storage.

### Use Auth0 for OpenID Connect

For using Auth0 as OIDC provider, you need to add the `spring-boot-starter-oauth2-client` dependency, as the Okta Spring Boot Starter [does not support Auth0](https://github.com/okta/okta-spring-boot/issues/358) yet.

You can create a demo application with Spring Initializr too:

```shell

> http https://start.spring.io/starter.zip \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https start.spring.io/starter.zip \
```

 CLIENT ID            ****
 NAME                 vault-demo-app-auth0
 DESCRIPTION          Demo project of a Spring Boot application with Vault protected secrets
 TYPE                 Regular Web Application
 CALLBACKS            http://localhost:8080/login/oauth2/code/auth0
 ALLOWED LOGOUT URLS  http://localhost:8080
 ALLOWED ORIGINS
 ALLOWED WEB ORIGINS
 TOKEN ENDPOINT AUTH
 GRANTS               implicit, authorization_code, refresh_token, client_credentials

▸    Quickstarts: https://auth0.com/docs/quickstart/webapp
▸    Hint: Test this app's login box with 'auth0 test login ****'
▸    Hint: You might wanna try 'auth0 quickstarts download ****
```

**NOTE**: The client secret is [not displayed](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-cli/issues/488) in the CLI output for regular applications. You can run `auth0 apps open` to open a browser in the application configuration. Then copy the secret from the **Settings** tab.

You can now run the demo app passing the oidc configuration through environment variables:

```shell
SPRING_SECURITY_OAUTH2_CLIENT_PROVIDER_AUTH0_ISSUER_URI=https://{tenant}/ \
SPRING_SECURITY_OAUTH2_CLIENT_REGISTRATION_AUTH0_CLIENT_ID={clientId} \

> SPRING_SECURITY_OAUTH2_CLIENT_REGISTRATION_AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET={clientSecret} \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPRING_SECURITY_OAUTH2_CLIENT_REGISTRATION_AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET={clientSecret} \
SPRING_SECURITY_OAUTH2_CLIENT_REGISTRATION_AUTH0_SCOPE=openid,profile,email \
```

> ./mvnw spring-boot:run

Reviewer: I get a rate limit error when I try to log in. I believe this is because no scopes are defined.

Author: It did not happen to me. I commited your suggestions and the scopes are there now.

```

**IMPORTANT NOTE**: You must leave the trailing slash `/` in the issuer URL.

Navigate to `http://localhost:8080`, and you should be redirected to Auth0 to log in:

> {% img blog/spring-vault-update/auth0-login.png alt:"Auth0 login form" width:"450" %}{: .center-image }

Reviewer: <img width="433" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-23 at 15 38 20" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17892/192060174-f149cb21-b176-4bf9-8e20-d1245566de16.png">

I see a consent screen when I log in with Gmail.

Reviewer: This has more information in the empty box after I fixed the scopes above.

Author: Added a screenshot.

## Spring Cloud Config with Secrets Encryption

In microservice architectures, managing configuration with a centralized config server is essential. Secret encryption is desirable at rest and when in transit. Spring Cloud Config Server is a popular implementation. Let's configure the server to store encrypted secrets.

**NOTE:** To use encryption and decryption features in Java, you need the full-strength JCE installed in your JVM, which is included by default since JDK 9.

Using the Spring Initializr API, create a Vault + Config Server application:

```shell

> http https://start.spring.io/starter.zip \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https start.spring.io/starter.zip \
```

  bootVersion==2.7.4 \
  dependencies==cloud-config-server \
  groupId==com.okta.developer \
  artifactId==vault-config-server  \
  name=="Spring Boot Configuration Server" \
  description=="Demo project of a Spring Boot application with Vault protected secrets" \
  packageName==com.okta.developer.vault > vault-config-server.zip
```

> Unzip the downloaded file. Rename `src/main/resource/application.properties` to `src/main/resource/application.yml`, edit the file to specify the port, add a `native` profile, and specify config search locations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unzip the downloaded file. Rename `src/main/resource/application.properties` to `application.yml`, edit the file to specify the port, add a `native` profile, and specify config search locations:
```

> ```yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

server:
  port: 8888

spring:
  profiles:
    active: native
```

> Edit `src/main/java/com/okta/developer/vault/SpringBootConfigurationServerApplication.java` and add a `@EnableConfigServer` annotation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit `src/main/java/.../SpringBootConfigurationServerApplication.java` and add a `@EnableConfigServer` annotation:
```

    }

}
```

Start the server, as you are going to encrypt your Okta secrets using the `/encrypt` endpoint. For this example, you are using a symmetric (shared) encryption key, passed through the environment variable ENCRYPT_KEY. Before running the command below, you should replace `{encryptKey}` with a random string of characters. You can use JShell to generate a UUID you can use for your encrypt key.

```shell
jshell

UUID.randomUUID()
```

```shell
ENCRYPT_KEY={encryptKey} ./mvnw spring-boot:run
```

Then, in another terminal, encrypt your client ID and secret.

```shell
http :8888/encrypt --raw {yourOktaClientId}
http :8888/encrypt --raw {yourOktaClientSecret}
```

In the `vault-config-server` project folder, create a `src/main/resources/config/vault-demo-app-dev.yml` file to store the secrets for the `dev` profile, with the following contents:

```yml
okta:
  oauth2:
    issuer: {yourIssuerURI}
    clientId: '{cipher}encryptedClientId'
    clientSecret: '{cipher}encryptedClientSecret'
```

The `client-id` and `client-secret` encrypted values must be prefixed with `{cipher}`. Restart the config server.

> To consume the config server properties, the client application must set the server address in the application configuration. In the `vault-demo-app` project, rename `application.properties` to `application.yml` and configure it as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To consume the config server properties, the client application must set the server address in the application configuration. In the `vault-demo-app` project, rename `application.properties` to `application.yml` and replace its contents with the following configuration:
```

```yaml
spring:
  cloud:
    config:
      uri: http://localhost:8888
  config:
    import: "configserver:"
  application:
    name: vault-demo-app
  profiles:
    active: dev
```

Start `vault-demo-app` without passing the environment variables:

```shell
./mvnw clean

> ./mvnw spring-boot:run

Reviewer: You can combine these into one command, or leave them as is. I did confirm that clean is necessary.

Author: I combined

```

When requesting `http://localhost:8080` it should again redirect to the Okta login.

In a real environment, the config server should be secured. Spring Cloud Config Server supports asymmetric key encryption as well, with the server encrypting with the public key, and the clients decrypting with the private key. However, the documentation warns about spreading the key management process around clients.

## Vault as a Configuration Backend with Spring Cloud Vault

{% img blog/spring-vault/vault-logo.png alt:"Vault logo" width:"300" %}{: .pull-right }

In the cloud, secrets management has become much more difficult. Vault is a secrets management and data protection tool from HashiCorp that provides secure storage, dynamic secret generation, data encryption, and secret revocation.

> Vault encrypts the secrets prior to writing them to persistent storage. The encryption key is also stored in Vault, but encrypted with a _master key_ not stored anywhere. The master key is split into shards using _Shamir's Secret Sharing algorithm_, and distributed among a number of operators. The Vault unseal process allows you to reconstruct the master key by adding shards one at a time in any order until enough shards are present, then Vault becomes operative. Operations on secrets can be audited by enabling audit devices, which will send audit logs to a file, syslog or socket.

Reviewer: Should "Shamir’s Secret Sharing algorithm" be linked to?

Author: Added a link.

As Spring Cloud Config Server supports Vault as a configuration backend, the next step is to better protect the application secrets by storing them in Vault.

> Pull the Vault docker image and start a container using the command below. Make sure to replace `{hostPath}` with a local directory path, such as `/tmp/vault`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull the Vault Docker image and start a container using the command below. Make sure to replace `{hostPath}` with a local directory path, such as `/tmp/vault`.
```

Once it starts, you should notice the following logs:

```
WARNING! dev mode is enabled! In this mode, Vault runs entirely in-memory
and starts unsealed with a single unseal key. The root token is already
authenticated to the CLI, so you can immediately begin using Vault.

You may need to set the following environment variable:

    $ export VAULT_ADDR='http://0.0.0.0:8200'

The unseal key and root token are displayed below in case you want to
seal/unseal the Vault or re-authenticate.

Unseal Key: +xTAEzkjb3kurSBa7TxAQUjoyBpaprlXwn+ZnSpEkuw=
Root Token: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000

Development mode should NOT be used in production installations!
```

It is clear Vault is running in _dev mode_, meaning it short-circuits a lot of setup to insecure defaults, which helps for the experimentation. Data is stored encrypted in-memory and lost on every restart. Copy the _Unseal Key_, as we are going to use it to test Vault sealing.

> Connect to the container and explore some vault commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to the container and explore some `vault` commands:
```

```shell
docker exec -it my-vault /bin/sh
```

The command above will start a shell session with the container. After the prompt shows, run the following three commands:

```shell
export VAULT_TOKEN="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
export VAULT_ADDR="http://127.0.0.1:8200"
vault status
```

The `status` command output shows if the vault instance is sealed:

```
Key             Value
---             -----
Seal Type       shamir
Initialized     true
Sealed          false
Total Shares    1
Threshold       1
Version         1.11.3
Build Date      2022-08-26T10:27:10Z
Storage Type    inmem
Cluster Name    vault-cluster-389dcb61
Cluster ID      cc063fcf-e1f2-2e75-6059-cd9117559f0d
HA Enabled      false
```

As you can see, in development mode Vault starts unsealed, meaning stored data can be decrypted/accessed.

Enable a file audit device to watch the interactions with Vault:

```shell
vault audit enable file file_path=/vault/logs/vault_audit.log
```

You should see a success message. Now store the Okta secrets for the `vault-demo-app`:

```shell
vault kv put secret/vault-demo-app,dev \
okta.oauth2.clientId="{yourClientId}" \
okta.oauth2.clientSecret="{yourClientSecret}" \

> okta.oauth2.issuer="{yourIssuerURI}"

Reviewer: At this point, these values are gone because I replaced them in the vault-demo-app. Maybe we should add a sentence to save them for later or recommend `okta apps config --app clientId `?

Author: Added a comment.

      "mount_type":"kv",
      "mount_accessor":"kv_bf4b26f3",
      "client_token":"hmac-sha256:2d8d7aeded539495117218a14ef9ae9f0f525eb2f6078be25dfe8e329ceb3d3f",
      "client_token_accessor":"hmac-sha256:e4c3319a57b735e10df4677193bd7a969ee757a97ebf890bbaebb0694f6a6cd5",
      "namespace":{
         "id":"root"
      },
      "path":"secret/data/vault-demo-app,dev",
      "data":{
         "data":{
            "okta.oauth2.clientId":"hmac-sha256:6709ec7e5682f16893369660844392809842ee1d670697fb034c3db17cfdc3d4",
            "okta.oauth2.clientSecret":"hmac-sha256:c3db998af7b44aeaabf3da71c396e8bf86119fd6c36e66a41de67e91f71b116f",
            "okta.oauth2.issuer":"hmac-sha256:70502e5cd54d12004df6836d0ff8d045515e4207607d984da14c0aaca5400c0a"
         },
         "options":{

         }
      },
      "remote_address":"127.0.0.1",
      "remote_port":58914
   }
}
```

Let's assume you don't want to configure the root token in the `vault-demo-app`. You can instead create a policy granting read permissions on the path where the secrets were stored. Go to the Vault Web UI at `http://localhost:8200` and log in with the root token (`00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000`).

> {% img blog/spring-vault/vault-web-ui.png alt:"Vault web UI" width:"800" %}{: .center-image }

Reviewer: The text in this image is kinda small. Can you please zoom in by bumping the fonts and update?

Author: Updated vault screenshots.

  explicit_max_ttl num_uses period policies renewable ttl type]

Key                  Value
---                  -----
token                hvs.CAESIKd9pYyc9xesiqmwvepdGiHlPEB53By...
token_accessor       2pzRXmGhxChobbMtqeM5zZzM
token_duration       768h
token_renewable      true
token_policies       ["default" "vault-demo-app-policy"]
identity_policies    []
policies             ["default" "vault-demo-app-policy"]
```

**NOTE**: I could not find documentation about the warning _Endpoint ignored these unrecognized parameters_. It seems `vault CLI` is sending default parameters not required by the target API in this case. The command equivalent API call can be displayed using the `-output-curl-string` flag after the subcommand, for example:

```bash
vault token create -output-curl-string -policy=vault-demo-app-policy
```

```bash
curl -X POST -H "X-Vault-Token: $(vault print token)" -H "X-Vault-Request: true" -d '{"policies":["vault-demo-app-policy"],"ttl":"0s","explicit_max_ttl":"0s","period":"0s","display_name":"","num_uses":0,"renewable":true,"type":"service","entity_alias":""}' http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/auth/token/create

> ```

Reviewer: Am I supposed to run this? I tried in the Docker shell and from my shell and neither works.

Author: It is an output example. I added a comment.

You are now ready to update the config server. In the `vault-config-server` project, edit `src/main/resource/application.yml` to add Vault as the config backend:

```yml
server:
  port: 8888

spring:
  profiles:
    active: vault
  cloud:
    config:
      server:
        vault:
          host: 127.0.0.1
          port: 8200
          kvVersion: 2
logging:
  level:
    root: TRACE
```

Note that the logging level is set to TRACE to see the interaction between the server and Vault. Restart the `vault-config-server`.

```shell
./mvnw spring-boot:run
```

> You should see the logs below if the server was configured correctly:

Reviewer: There's so much logging, it's really tough to dig in and find the message below. Is it possible to just enable trace logging for Spring Cloud Config?

Author: I fixed the log level.

```

> 2020-05-01 01:19:10.105  INFO 14072 --- [main] SpringBootConfigurationServerApplication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2022-09-23 01:19:10.105  INFO 14072 --- [main] SpringBootConfigurationServerApplication:
```

 Started SpringBootConfigurationServerApplication in 4.525 seconds (JVM running for 4.859)
```

You will not see the config server trying to connect to Vault in the logs. That will happen when a config client requests the properties. Start the `vault-demo-app`, passing the token just created in the environment variable `SPRING_CLOUD_CONFIG_TOKEN`. For example:

```shell
SPRING_CLOUD_CONFIG_TOKEN=hvs.CAESIKd9pYyc9xesiqmwvep... \
./mvnw spring-boot:run
```

When the `vault-demo-app` starts, it will request the configuration to the config server, which in turn will make a REST to Vault. In the config server logs, with enough logging level, you will be able to see:

```shell
2022-09-09 19:21:57.778 DEBUG 12359 --- [nio-8888-exec-1] ...: Received [GET /vault-demo-app/dev HTTP/1.1
Accept: application/vnd.spring-cloud.config-server.v2+json
X-Config-Token: hvs.CAESIKd9pYyc9xesiqmwvep...
User-Agent: Java/17
Host: localhost:8888
Connection: keep-alive

]

> ```

Reviewer: I see the following with no logging changed. This seems like it's good enough:

```
2022-09-23 16:48:06.520  INFO 9092 --- [           main] o.s.c.c.c.ConfigServerConfigDataLoader   : Fetching config from server at : http://localhost:8888
2022-09-23 16:48:06.520  INFO 9092 --- [           main] o.s.c.c.c.ConfigServerConfigDataLoader   : Located environment: name=vault-demo-app, profiles=[dev], label=null, version=null, state=null
```

Author: That' s from the app, I want to show when the config server talks with vault. I fixed the log level and the logs example.

> Go to `http://localhost:8080` and verify that authentication with Okta works.

Reviewer: It does!

Finally, let's seal Vault. Sealing allows you to lock Vault data to minimize damages when an intrusion is detected.  In the container command line, enter:

```shell
vault operator seal
```

Restart `vault-demo-app` and verify the configuration will not be retrieved as Vault is sealed. The `vault-config-server` logs should read:

```

> 503 Service Unavailable: "{"errors":["Vault is sealed"]}<EOL>"]

Reviewer: I get a 500 error:

```
org.springframework.cloud.config.client.ConfigClientFailFastException: Could not locate PropertySource and the resource is not optional, failing
        at org.springframework.cloud.config.client.ConfigServerConfigDataLoader.doLoad(ConfigServerConfigDataLoader.java:197)
        at org.springframework.cloud.config.client.ConfigServerConfigDataLoader.load(ConfigServerConfigDataLoader.java:102)
        at org.springframework.cloud.config.client.ConfigServerConfigDataLoader.load(ConfigServerConfigDataLoader.java:61)
        at org.springframework.boot.context.config.ConfigDataLoaders.load(ConfigDataLoaders.java:107)
        at org.springframework.boot.context.config.ConfigDataImporter.load(ConfigDataImporter.java:128)
        at org.springframework.boot.context.config.ConfigDataImporter.resolveAndLoad(ConfigDataImporter.java:86)
        at org.springframework.boot.context.config.ConfigDataEnvironmentContributors.withProcessedImports(ConfigDataEnvironmentContributors.java:116)
        at org.springframework.boot.context.config.ConfigDataEnvironment.processWithProfiles(ConfigDataEnvironment.java:311)
        at org.springframework.boot.context.config.ConfigDataEnvironment.processAndApply(ConfigDataEnvironment.java:232)
        at org.springframework.boot.context.config.ConfigDataEnvironmentPostProcessor.postProcessEnvironment(ConfigDataEnvironmentPostProcessor.java:102)
        at org.springframework.boot.context.config.ConfigDataEnvironmentPostProcessor.postProcessEnvironment(ConfigDataEnvironmentPostProcessor.java:94)
        at org.springframework.boot.env.EnvironmentPostProcessorApplicationListener.onApplicationEnvironmentPreparedEvent(EnvironmentPostProcessorApplicationListener.java:102)
        at org.springframework.boot.env.EnvironmentPostProcessorApplicationListener.onApplicationEvent(EnvironmentPostProcessorApplicationListener.java:87)
        at org.springframework.context.event.SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.doInvokeListener(SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.java:176)
        at org.springframework.context.event.SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.invokeListener(SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.java:169)
        at org.springframework.context.event.SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.multicastEvent(SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.java:143)
        at org.springframework.context.event.SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.multicastEvent(SimpleApplicationEventMulticaster.java:131)
        at org.springframework.boot.context.event.EventPublishingRunListener.environmentPrepared(EventPublishingRunListener.java:85)
        at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplicationRunListeners.lambda$environmentPrepared$2(SpringApplicationRunListeners.java:66)
        at java.base/java.util.ArrayList.forEach(ArrayList.java:1511)
        at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplicationRunListeners.doWithListeners(SpringApplicationRunListeners.java:120)
        at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplicationRunListeners.doWithListeners(SpringApplicationRunListeners.java:114)
        at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplicationRunListeners.environmentPrepared(SpringApplicationRunListeners.java:65)
        at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.prepareEnvironment(SpringApplication.java:344)
        at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:302)
        at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1306)
        at org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication.run(SpringApplication.java:1295)
        at com.okta.developer.vault.Application.main(Application.java:15)
Caused by: org.springframework.web.client.HttpServerErrorException$InternalServerError: 500 : "{"timestamp":"2022-09-23T22:49:57.619+00:00","status":500,"error":"Internal Server Error","path":"/vault-demo-app/dev"}"
        at org.springframework.web.client.HttpServerErrorException.create(HttpServerErrorException.java:100)
        at org.springframework.web.client.DefaultResponseErrorHandler.handleError(DefaultResponseErrorHandler.java:170)
        at org.springframework.web.client.DefaultResponseErrorHandler.handleError(DefaultResponseErrorHandler.java:122)
        at org.springframework.web.client.ResponseErrorHandler.handleError(ResponseErrorHandler.java:63)
        at org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplate.handleResponse(RestTemplate.java:819)
        at org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplate.doExecute(RestTemplate.java:777)
        at org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplate.execute(RestTemplate.java:711)
        at org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplate.exchange(RestTemplate.java:602)
        at org.springframework.cloud.config.client.ConfigServerConfigDataLoader.getRemoteEnvironment(ConfigServerConfigDataLoader.java:303)
        at org.springframework.cloud.config.client.ConfigServerConfigDataLoader.doLoad(ConfigServerConfigDataLoader.java:118)
        ... 27 common frames omitted
```

Author: That's correct. But the logs example is from the vault-config-server. I think your example is from the vault-demo-app.

```

To unseal Vault, run:

```shell

> vault operator unseal {unsealKey}

Reviewer: I'm able to unseal successfully:

```
/ # vault operator unseal $MY_KEY
Key             Value
---             -----
Seal Type       shamir
Initialized     true
Sealed          false
Total Shares    1
Threshold       1
Version         1.11.3
Build Date      2022-08-26T10:27:10Z
Storage Type    inmem
Cluster Name    vault-cluster-b034a2f6
Cluster ID      b4b893b4-164d-83fd-c4da-45094c85a68f
HA Enabled      false
```

However, I still get the 500 above after restarting the config server and the demo app.

Author: I can't reproduce it. I only restart the vault-demo-app after unsealing and it gets the config. With the same SPRING_CLOUD_CONFIG_TOKEN.
